CS 2200 Fall 2022
Project 4

Name:
GT Username:dtsui9

Problem 1B (FCFS Scheduler)
----------

1 CPU: 70.8s
2 CPU: 40.1s
4 CPU: 37.5s

The relationship is not linear because adding extra CPU's only improves
Speed linearly when these CPU's are being used (if we process twice as
fast we should take the half the time to process the same amount [amount =
rate * time]). Let's say we have 3 processes on the
Ready queue with 4 CPU's. Having 4 vs 3 CPU's makes no difference because
In both cases we can only use 3 CPU's. There may be processes that are waiting
Or they may be terminated so we cannot always fully utilize the increase in CPU's.
This makes sense when we see that jump from 1->2 CPU's was approximately linear time reduction
Meaning that both CPU's were being used for most of the time. As we get alot of CPU's
There are less instances where we can use all of them. At an extreme if we have n processes for sure
having N > n CPU's makes no improvement compared to n.

Problem 2B (Round-Robin)
----------

We observe that execution time is constant which makes sense because no matter
What time slice we are always running some process when possible. In real CPU's increasing
Time slice increases execution time because we need to spend time changing processes which is an expensive OS operation.

Problem 3B (Preemptive Priority)
----------

We can implement preemption. If a process stays in the ready queue for a certain amount of time, to prevent starvation,
We can preempt the currently running process and start running the low priority process.

Problem 4 (The Priority Inversion Problem)
---------

We can give Z a high priority (for example the priority of X) while it is in its critical section so that it doesn't
Preempt. Once we finish running the critical section we lower the priority back to where it was originally so that X
Can run instead of Z.






I was writing something but it got deleted so Imma just give an abridged version.

Biggest thing is K-On is not any more idealistic than Bocchi. K-On is about the ways in which interpersonal interactions and friendships. Each character has their own personal struggle/shortcoming that they overcome through their friendship. 

>Comparatively, Bocchi nucleus isn't music either, it is an anime about effort and individual struggles developed through the engine of musicianship.

I agree: I just don't think Bocchi delivers particularly well in either the character-driven plot or 